Develop an excellent ML model for predicting the following properties:

LogD: Measures compound’s lipophilicity at a specific pH. Drugs typically fall into a well defined LogD range that balances aqueous solubility with membrane permeability, making understanding changes in LogD across a chemical series important to medicinal chemists. Additionally, assessing LogD of candidate molecules can suggest whether candidate molecules are "efficient" for their lipophilicity (lipophilicity generally has a linear relationship with affinity).
Kinetic Solubility (KSOL): Measures how much a compound can be dissolved under non-equilibrium conditions. Helps screen compounds that will fail due to poor absorption or low bioavailability.
Human Liver Microsomal (HLM) stability: Supports understanding of a compound's susceptibility to liver metabolism and can be used to predict in-vivo clearance of a candidate molecule. Measured using human liver microsomes and reported as intrinsic clearance for the compound Clint (mL/min/kg).
Mouse Liver Microsomal (MLM) stability: Also used to predict in-vivo clearance of a candidate. The study of both MLM and RLM can provide a more comprehensive understanding of a compound's metabolic profile and how a compound might behave in multi-species preclinical development.
Caco-2 Papp A>B:  Measures the rate of flux of a compound across polarized Caco-2 cell monolayers from the apical (intestinal lumen-facing side) to basolateral (blood-facing side). This effectively mimics the absorption of a drug across the intestinal wall.
Caco-2 Efflux Ratio: Measures the rate of flux of a compound across polarized Caco-2 cell monolayers. The Efflux Ratio is determined by a ratio of the apparent permeability coefficient (Papp) in both directions. Ratios of ~1 indicate that a compound primarily traverses the cell membrane via passive (diffusional) transport. Ratios > 2 generally indicate active transport of the compound across the cellular membrane by membrane bound transporters (e.g. efflux by p-glycoprotein).
Mouse Plasma Protein Binding (MPPB): Determines the concentration of free drug in plasma (as % Unbound). Drugs that are not bound to plasma can bind to target proteins and yield the desired therapeutic effect, making this parameter crucial to understanding drug distribution.
Mouse Brain Protein Binding (MBPB): This measures the fraction of a drug not bound to proteins within brain tissue. The unbound fraction of a drug in the brain is considered pharmacologically active and able to interact with central nervous system (CNS) targets. MBPB helps assess CNS drug exposure and potential efficacy or side effects for neuroactive compounds. Reported as % Unbound.
Mouse Gastrocnemius Muscle Binding (MGMB):. This reflects the amount of drug free to act within skeletal muscle tissue, which is important for drugs targeting peripheral or muscular conditions (very important for the DM1 indication). Reported as % Unbound

While training the model, pay close attention to timing information. You are running in a virtual machine with limited RAM, CPUs, and runtime.

You must have predictions in a csv (same format as training) for the test compounds.

You should do a literature search (after dataset exploration, because chemistry tasks require some specific featurization, model architectures, data splitting, and training strategies). Although be careful about compute time!

You have been provided as attachments information about the ADMET properties and the context in which the data were collected. Use that to guide modeling decisions. If there are existing chemical informatics or machine learning models that are available to install as packages or download from accessible repositories, use them. However, be careful about your computational resource constraints, ability to access internet resources, and ability to install software in a sandboxed environment.

The attachments are:
advancing-predictive-ADMET-modeling.pdf - a PDF with context about the dataset being modeled.
announcement-2-ExpansionRx-OpenADMET-blind-challenge.pdf - a PDF with context about the dataset being modeled.
expansion_data_test_blinded.csv - the compounds for which predictions must be made as SMILES strings.
expansion_data_train.csv - the training dataset with SMILES strings and the ADMET properties.
expansion_data_train_raw.csv - an alternative format of the training dataset in raw form.
Expansion-CDD-webinar.pdf - a PDF with context about the dataset being modeled.
OpenADMET-ExpansionRx-Blind-Challenge-about.pdf - a PDF with context about the dataset being modeled.
OpenADMET-ExpansionRx-Blind-Challenge-FAQ.pdf - a PDF with context about the dataset being modeled.
